[ACM-6950][ACM-7345] Update advanced config install (#5472)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: install/adv_config_install.adoc

[#advanced-config-hub]
= MultiClusterHub advanced configuration 

> {product-title} is installed by using an operator that deploys all of the required components. The operator works to deploy the following components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} is installed by using an operator that deploys all of the required components. Some of the listed components are enabled by default. If a component is disabled, that resource is not deployed to the cluster until it is enabled. The operator works to deploy the following components:
```

|===

> | Name                       | Description | Enabled

Reviewer: Adding alt text for the table
```suggestion
.Table list of the deployed components
| Name | Description | Enabled
```

| app-lifecycle              | Enables unified and simplified options for constructing and deploying applications and application updates. | true

> | cluster-backup             | Enables backup and restore support for all hub cluster resources such as managed clusters, applications, and policies restore. | false

Reviewer: should "policies restore" be changed to "restore policies", or should "restore" be removed? 

Also "Enables" seem repetitive since we have it as a column and leading verb for most of the descriptions. My thought process when reading: When this component is enabled, xyz can  For some of the descriptions, I attempted to use different verbs. Let me know if my suggestions are inaccurate. 

```suggestion
| app-lifecycle | Unifies and simplifies options for constructing and deploying applications and application updates. | True
| cluster-backup | Provides backup and restore support for all hub cluster resources such as managed clusters, applications, and policies. | False
```

Author: We can remove "restore" from that line. I'm also in agreement that using "enables" is pretty repetitive, so we can remove that also! Thanks for rewording this section.

| cluster-lifecycle          | Enables cluster management capabilities for {ocp-short} and {product-title-short} hub clusters. | true
| cluster-permission         | Enables administrators to automatically distribute RBAC resources to managed clusters and manage the lifecycle of those resources. | true
| console                    | Enables {product-title-short} web console plug-in. | true
| grc                        | Enables security enhancement for you clusters. | true
| insights                   | Enabled to help identify existing or potential problems in your clusters. | true
| multicluster-observability | Enables monitoring to gain further insights into the health of your managed clusters. | true
| search                     | Enables visibility into your Kubernetes resources across all of your clusters. | true
| submariner-addon           | Enables direct networking and service discovery between two or more managed clusters in your environment, either on-premises or in the cloud. | true

> | volsync                    | Enables asynchronous replication of persistent volumes within a cluster, or across clusters with storage types that are not otherwise compatible for replication. | true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cluster-lifecycle | Provides cluster management capabilities for {ocp-short} and {product-title-short} hub clusters. | True
| cluster-permission |  Automatically distributes RBAC resources to managed clusters and manage the lifecycle of those resources. | True
| console | Enables {product-title-short} web console plug-in. | True
| grc | Enables the security enhancement for you to define policies for your clusters. | True
| insights | Identifies existing or potential problems in your clusters. | True
| multicluster-observability | Enables monitoring to gain further insights into the health of your managed clusters. | True
| search | Provides visibility into your Kubernetes resources across all of your clusters. | True
| submariner-addon | Enables direct networking and service discovery between two or more managed clusters in your environment, either on-premises or in the cloud. | True
| volsync | Supports asynchronous replication of persistent volumes within a cluster, or across clusters with storage types that are not otherwise compatible for replication. | True
```

|===

> **Important:** When {product-title-short} is installed onto the cluster, not all of the listed components are enabled by default.

Reviewer: I recommend that this Important note be removed. The statement should be moved before the table in my opinion. I made a suggestion on line 4

```suggestion
*Important:* When {product-title-short} is installed onto the cluster, not all of the listed components are enabled by default.
```

Author: I agree with moving this statement to an earlier line. We can remove this note on this line.

> {product-title-short} can be further configured during or after installation by adding one or more of the following attributes to the `MultiClusterHub` custom resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further configure {product-title-short}  during or after installation by adding one or more attributes to the `MultiClusterHub` custom resource. Continue reading for information about the attributes that can be added.
```

== Console and component configuration

> The following example displays the `spec.overrides` default template that you can use to enable or disable the component. Replace `namespace` with the name of your project and `name` with the name of the component:

Reviewer: See next suggestion for where I would like to move the statement

```suggestion
The following example displays the `spec.overrides` default template that you can use to enable or disable the component:
```

| cluster-lifecycle | Provides cluster management capabilities for {ocp-short} and {product-title-short} hub clusters. | True
| cluster-permission |  Automatically distributes RBAC resources to managed clusters and manage the lifecycle of those resources. | True
| console | Enables {product-title-short} web console plug-in. | True
| grc | Enables the security enhancement for you to define policies for your clusters. | True
| insights | Identifies existing or potential problems in your clusters. | True
| multicluster-observability | Enables monitoring to gain further insights into the health of your managed clusters. | True
| search | Provides visibility into your Kubernetes resources across all of your clusters. | True
| submariner-addon | Enables direct networking and service discovery between two or more managed clusters in your environment, either on-premises or in the cloud. | True
| volsync | Supports asynchronous replication of persistent volumes within a cluster, or across clusters with storage types that are not otherwise compatible for replication. | True
|===

> **Important:** When {product-title-short} is installed onto the cluster, not all of the listed components are enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Important:* When {product-title-short} is installed onto the cluster, not all of the listed components are enabled by default.
```

You can further configure {product-title-short} during or after installation by adding one or more attributes to the `MultiClusterHub` custom resource. Continue reading for information about the attributes that can be added.

== Console and component configuration

The following example displays the `spec.overrides` default template that you can use to enable or disable the component:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: MultiClusterHub
metadata:
  name: multiclusterhub
  namespace: <namespace> <1>
spec:
  overrides:
    components:
    - name: <name> <2>
      enabled: true
----
1. Replace `namespace` with the name of your project.
2. Replace `name` with the name of the component.

Alternatively, you can run the following command. Replace `namespace` with the name of your project and `name` with the name of the component:

----
oc patch MultiClusterHub multiclusterhub -n <namespace> --type=json -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/spec/overrides/components/-","value":{"name":"<name>","enabled":true}}]'
----

> **Note:** When the `console` component is disabled, the {ocp} console is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* When the `console` component is disabled, the {ocp} console is disabled.
```

    components:
    - name: console
      enabled: true
    - name: <name>

>       enabled: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: MultiClusterHub
metadata:
  name: multiclusterhub <1>
  namespace: <namespace> <2>
spec:
  overrides:
    components:
    - name: console
      enabled: true 
----
+
1.  Replace `name` with the name of the component.
2. Replace `namespace` with the name of your project.
```

Author: Good suggestion; however, for line 48: `name: multiclusterhub <1>`, we do not want to add the component name to this line. The `name` field on that line is for the name of the `MultiClusterHub` instance that is being created.

Author: I will update this area with the suggestion, but apply the changes to the other `name` field.

----

Alternatively, you can run the following command. Replace `namespace` with the name of your project and `name` with the name of the component:

----
oc patch MultiClusterHub multiclusterhub -n <namespace> --type=json -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/spec/overrides/components/-","value":{"name":"<name>","enabled":true}}]'
----

> **Note** The console is forced to stay off if the {ocp} console is disabled. Similarly, if another component is disabled, that resource will not be deployed to the cluster until it is enabled.

Reviewer: Is "force" necessary ? I recommend moving part of this statement closer to the beginning of this file. 
```suggestion
*Note:* When the {ocp} console is disabled, the console is disabled.
```

Author: "Force" is not necessary, we can just say that "When the console component is disabled, the {ocp} console is disabled."
